README.md, before:

A LaTeX + R set-up to handle abstracts for a conference and produce an abstracts booklet.

This particular concoction has been in use since 2005 (with continuous polishing) to make abstract booklets for the Ialian Mammal Society congresses (http://www.mammiferi.org).

History
-------

I did, at that time (circa 2005), some research on available "abstract booklet" LaTeX packages/toolchains, and I decided to use the abstbook  
Some pointers on abstrat booklets...

http://ctan.mirror.garr.it/mirrors/CTAN/macros/latex/contrib/misc/abstbook.cls

http://tug.org/pipermail/macostex-archives/2004-March/005037.html
http://www.iciam07.ch/ICIAM07-AbstractBook1.pdf


I decided to start from the abstbook class, modifying it to use KOMA-script scrreprt (since articles already rely on scrartcl)

Note that the new hysabstract.cls class is intended to typeset just the "mainmatter" of an abstract booklet. Actually, one can have just a single LaTeX source for an abstracts booklet, but "the Hystrix way" works lihe that:
- cover: is made using cover.tex (based on memoir) using files in the 'frontmatter' directory of an issue.
- front matter: is made using frontmatter.tex (based on memoir) using files in the 'frontmatter' directory of an issue.
- spine: is made using spine.tex, in the 'frontmatter' folder as well.

Tnis means that you'll have an Hystrix abstrsct booklet supplement issue source tree organised like that:
<issue root directory>
     |         +---- main.tex (the master file that includes abstracts and outputs the abstract booklet)
     |         +---- test.tex (a bare-bones version of the master file, used to compile a single abstract)
     +---- frontmatter (all the stuff needed for cover, frontmatter and spine, like an standard Hystrix issue)
     |         +---- cover.tex
     |         +---- frontmatter.tex
     +---- abstracts
     |         +----(single abstracts, each one as a separate .tex file to be included in main.tex)
     |

Commit message:

Changed README.txt to README.nd
Started rewriting the  README and the description of how it works..

README.md, after:

A LaTeX + R set-up to handle abstracts for a conference and produce an abstracts booklet.

This particular concoction has been in use since 2005 (with continuous polishing) to make abstract booklets for the Ialian Mammal Society congresses (http://www.mammiferi.org).

History
-------

I did, at that time (circa 2005), some research on available "abstract booklet" LaTeX packages/toolchains, and I decided to use the `abstbook` class.
Some references here: 
  - the `abstbook` class on CTAN: http://ctan.mirror.garr.it/mirrors/CTAN/macros/latex/contrib/misc/abstbook.cls
  - a thread on Mac OSX TeX thatr gave me some inspiration: http://tug.org/pipermail/macostex-archives/2004-March/005037.html
 
How it works
------------

I decided to start from the `abstbook` class, bit with some kinks, modifying it to use KOMA-script `scrreprt` class, which I personally find more flexible than `article`.


Note that the new hysabstract.cls class is intended to typeset just the "mainmatter" of an abstract booklet. Actually, one can have just a single LaTeX source for an abstracts booklet, but "the Hystrix way" works lihe that:
- cover: is made using cover.tex (based on memoir) using files in the 'frontmatter' directory of an issue.
- front matter: is made using frontmatter.tex (based on memoir) using files in the 'frontmatter' directory of an issue.
- spine: is made using spine.tex, in the 'frontmatter' folder as well.

Tnis means that you'll have an Hystrix abstrsct booklet supplement issue source tree organised like that:
<issue root directory>
     |         +---- main.tex (the master file that includes abstracts and outputs the abstract booklet)
     |         +---- test.tex (a bare-bones version of the master file, used to compile a single abstract)
     +---- frontmatter (all the stuff needed for cover, frontmatter and spine, like an standard Hystrix issue)
     |         +---- cover.tex
     |         +---- frontmatter.tex
     +---- abstracts
     |         +----(single abstracts, each one as a separate .tex file to be included in main.tex)
     |
